---
layout: page
published: true
permalink: info/
title: Info
---

We are licensed for 3 - 5 year olds and cater for 27 children a day. Children generally attend for 2 or 3 days per week. Our Staff to child ratios are excellent and above regulations. We are proudly community based and managed by a parent management committee.

##Opening hours

We are open Monday – Friday from 9am - 3pm and close during school holidays. Families are welcome and encouraged to stay and play with their children during the morning period.

Please feel free to come and visit the preschool during our opening times. Wednesday’s are a preferred day to visit, but families are welcome at any time to visit the preschool.

##Our Policies

- [Enrolment and Orientation](../pdfs/enrolment-and-orientation.pdf)
- [Illness Policy](../pdfs/illness-policy.pdf)
- [Nutrition and Healthy Food Choices policy](../pdfs/nutrition-and-healthy-food-choices-policy.pdf)
- [Privacy and Confidenctiality Policy](../pdfs/privacy-and-confidenctiality-policy.pdf)
- [Sun Protection Policy Update 2014](../pdfs/sun-protection-policy-update-2014.pdf)
- [Volunteers and Students Policy](../pdfs/volunteers-and-students-policy.pdf)

</br>

##Family in-put

We value our families and the relationships we have built with them. Below are some statements from our families about their own personal experiences of St Peters Community Preschool.

St Peters Preschool has been the best decision we have made for Ciara. From the moment we stepped foot into the Preschool we have felt the love, warmth and welcoming atmosphere of the school and the teachers. The teachers are completely passionate about their jobs and the children. Ciara loves her time there and is always full of chat about all the wonderful activities she has achieved each day. We love reading the daily journal and watching the photo slide show as well. We love the school and wouldn’t change a thing!!!!! – Paul and Lisa.